ALEKSANDER
MARSZAŁKIEWICZ
PYTHON DEVELOPER
I am a software developer specializing in backend development, with
over two years of professional experience in Python and DevOps, as well
as more than six months of hands-on work with machine learning
models, especially vision-language models (VLMs).
My professional background also includes project management,
implementation of industrial software solutions, and managing
databases and data warehouses.

CONTACT
+48 737-795-739
aleksander.marszalkiewicz.pp@gmail.com

ul. Bukowska 18A/23
60-811 Poznań

https://www.linkedin.com/in/aleksander-marsza%C5%82kiewicz-b826959a

https://github.com/Cybernetic-Ransomware


TECH STACK
Python,
Docker,
Django, DRF,
Docker
Flask,
Compose,
Fast API,
AWS,
Dash,
Kubernetes,
Streamlit,
PostgreSQL,
Pandas,
Polars,
Plotly,
Pytest,
Playwright,
Selenium,
MS SQL,
SQLite,
CouchDB,
Mongo DB,
S3/MinIO,
Celery,
RabbitMQ,
Kafka,
GitFlow,
Scrum, Agile.


EXPERIENCE
Junior Software Developer
GPD Agency & Film Studio


2024- Present
Integration of software backends, development of custom extensions, and monitoring
of data flow — primarily for software platforms such as JIRA, Ftrack, Brandfolder, and
and popular CGI and film editing tools.
Tech stack: Docker, AWS, Python, Celery, Grafana, Prometeus, Flask, FastAPI, Nvidia
SMI, OpenAI API, Groovy, Polars, Ruff, Gitflow.


Deployment of the Helix Core version control system for Unreal Engine developers.
Research and deployment of AI tools for text and image processing. Includes local and
remote training of pretrained VLM models and API interfaces.

Tech stack: PyTorch, Hugging Face, Streamlit, OneTrainer, ComfyUI, Flux, Stable
Diffusion, WAN, n8n, Docker.


Internship
Devs Mentoring
2023- Present
Internship and mentoring in backend software development under the guidance of a senior
developer mentor. I am training in advanced Python programming, DevOps, and web
development with Django. I am gaining experience in application architecture, incremental
task work, and documenting functionality using ADR (Architecture Decision Records).

Example Projects

Animals Healthcare Application
A web application for managing medical notes for caregivers r esponsible for multiple
animals.
https://github.com/Cybernetic-Ransomware
Tech stack: Python 3.12, Django 4.2, Celery, PostgreSQL, CouchDB, Docker Compose,
Kubernetes.

Be Part of Events
A microservice-based backend for efficient bill splitting and expense tracking during
group events (e.g., going out with friends). Includes automated OCR-based bill
recognition and invitation-based settlement.
https://github.com/Cybernetic-Ransomware/bpoe-api-gateway

Tech stack: Python 3.13, UV, FastAPI, TimescaleDB, Amazon S3, Tesseract OCR, Apache
Kafka, Sentry, Auth0, Docker Compose.

Administrator ERP
Centrum Usług Wspólnych Chata Polska Sp. z o.o.
2023- 2024
Participant in the ERP software migration project.
Ongoing maintenance of data warehouses, ERP, WMS and CRM systems.
Troubleshooting synchronization errors.
Creating, maintaining and expanding reports using SQL and scripting programing
languages.



ERP Consultant
Integris Systemy IT Sp. z o.o.
2022- 2022
Support for Microsoft Dynamics 365 system implementations in the areas of
production and post-production departments.
Data importing, manual testing of functional modifications, creating reports and
interactive dashboards, training users.


Project Manager
Promag S. A.
2017- 2022
Project management in the field of machine construction and technological transport
automation.


EDUCATION
POZNAŃ UNIVERSITY OF TECHNOLOGY
2016 - 2017
Faculty of Mechanical Engineering and Management
Major: Management and Production Engineering
Specialization: Production Systems
Full-time, Master's degree completed without thesis,
2015- 2018
Faculty of Mechanical Engineering and Management
Major: Mechatronics
Specialization: Production Systems
Full-time/part-time, Bachelor's degree, concurrently pursuing a second major,

2012- 2016
Faculty of Engineering Management
Major: Safety Engineering
Full-time, Bachelor's degree completed.


PERSONALITY
As an introverted software developer,
I thrive when working independently
and focusing deeply on tasks, allowing
me to tackle complex coding problems
effectively.

My intuitive nature helps me envision
innovative solutions and see the bigger
picture, which is crucial for developing
forward-thinking applications.

My strong thinking trait ensures that I
approach problems logically and analytically,
making well-reasoned decisions in my coding
processes.

Being judging-oriented, I excel at
planning and organizing my work,
sticking to schedules and meeting deadlines reliably.

Finally, my assertive personality gives me the confidence to take on challenges and handle
criticism constructively, which is essential for continuous improvement and collaboration
in a dynamic tech environment.


INTERESTS
Science fiction,
Pen-and-paper RPG,
Japanese culture,
Social psychology,
Engineering and new technologies,
3D modelling and printing.


VOLUNTARY
Global Management Challenge - taking
the competition as the leader of a five-
person management team for a virtual
enterprise (2015),

Volunteer work as part of the information
services for the Game Industry
Conference during the three-day Poznań
Game Arena trade fair (2015),

Participation in trade fairs and industry
conferences and as a listener in computer
science standups, like: AI & Tech Talks,
PyRa.


CERTIFICATES

B2 Language Proficiency Certificate
in English,

Certificates from Udemy courses e.g.:
Object-Oriented Programming
in Python - From A to Z (2020),

Introduction to Data Science
in Python - Pandas (2020),

Interactive Data Visualizations
in Python - Plotly (2021),

Object-Oriented Programming
in Python - OOP - From A to Z (2021),

Unit Testing in Python - unittest
Framework (2021),

Create Modern Web Applications
in Python - Dash, Plotly (2022).
